don't default to using kafka ssl options for CSR (#10381)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/release-notes.md

  Previous versions of Materialize would assume the head time unit
  to always be hours. The new behavior matches PostgreSQL.

- **Breaking change.** In Kafka sources, SSL configurations for the Confluen
  Schema Registry no longer default to the Kafka options. To experience the old behavior, use
  `ssl_follow_kafka = true`. See
  [Confluent Schema Registry options](/sql/create-source/avro-kafka#confluent-schema-registry-options)

>   for details.

Reviewer: This needs to go above the line that says "put new release notes above this line."

Author: I mess this up EVERY time

- Add `SELECT` statement support to [`TAIL`](/sql/tail).

> - **Breaking change.** `CONFLUENT SCHEMA REGISTRY` sections
>   of `CREATE SOURCE` and `CREATE SINK` no longer default
>   their ssl paramters to the kafka ones. See
>   [Confluent Schema Registry options](/sql/create-source/avro-kafka#confluent-schema-registry-options))
>   for more info.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Breaking change.** `CONFLUENT SCHEMA REGISTRY` sections
  of `CREATE SOURCE` and `CREATE SINK` no longer default
  their SSL parameters to the kafka ones. Existing source definitions have
  been migrated, however. See [Confluent Schema Registry options](/sql/create-source/avro-kafka#confluent-schema-registry-options))
  for more info.

```
